Added info about Alerts for POV Trial (#3581)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-01-31-manage.md

---

> title: Aletrs for POV Trial Period Expiry (Manage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Alerts for POV Trial Period Expiry (Manage)
```

Author: Title modified.

image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - saml
  - release notes
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We’re excited to inform you that new indicators will be used in multiple locations to notify you about the POV trial period expiry. [Learn more](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/create-manage-orgs-service-providers/#about-pov-trial-orgs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update - Previously, for Sumo Logic customers on POV **Trial** plans, their accounts would be downgraded automatically to our **Free** plan at the end of their 45-day trial period. Effective today, these customers will be notified about their trial period expiration date in two different places in the UI: **View details for the selected organizations** and **Child org table**. [Learn more](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/create-manage-orgs-service-providers/#about-pov-trial-orgs).
```
